[Documentation] Exam Mode User Guide (#2217)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/exams/students_guide.rst

- To connect elements you can simply drag an element's edges to another element. The editor will then automatically connect those two. 
- If you are unclear about how to use the modeling editor, you can click on ``Help``. It will provide further information about how to use the modeling editor. 

    .. note::
        If you need more space, you can work in fullscreen by clicking on ``Fullscreen``. This mode will use your whole screen for the modeling exercise thereby giving you more space to model your solution. To exit the fullscreen mode simply click ``Exit Fullscreen``.

.. figure:: student/modeling_exercises.png
   :alt: Participating in Modeling Exercises
   :align: center

   Participating in Modeling Exercises

Participating in Programming Exercises
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Depending on your exam, programming exercises can come in three forms: 

    1. Online Code Editor + support for local IDE
    2. Online Code Editor
    3. Support for local IDE

- If your exercise allows the use of the code editor your screen will be divided into three sections, from left to right: 

   1. The file browser

>    2. the code Editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. The code editor
```

   3. The instructions

> - The file browser displays the structure of the assignment. You can access any file within the assignment. The files content will then be displayed on the code editor where you can edit the file's content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The file browser displays the file structure of the assignment. You can access any file within the assignment. The file content will then be displayed in the code editor where you can edit it. 
```

   :alt: Participating in Programming Exercises
   :align: center

   Participating in Programming Exercises with the online code editor and local IDE enabled

- If your exercise allows the use of the local IDE you will have access to the button ``Clone Repository``.
- When you click it you can choose to clone the exercise via ``HTTPS`` or ``SSH``, if you have configured your private key.

    .. note::
        You must link a public key to your account in advance if you want to use ``SSH``. 

- To work offline follow these steps: 

    1. Clone the Exercise
    2. Import the project in your IDE
    3. Work on the code
    4. Commit and push the code. A push is equivalent to pressing the ``Submit`` button.

.. figure:: student/clone_repository.png
   :alt: Clone Repository
   :align: center

   Clone the Repository

    .. warning::
        You are responsible for pushing/submitting your code. Your instructors **cannot** help you if you have saved, but did not submit.

- Real-time feedback in programming exercises during the online exam is limited.
- You will only see if your code compiles or not

    1. **0%, Build failed** means that your code does **not** compile!

>     2. **0%, 0 of 0 passed** means that your code compiles but provides no further information about your final score. 

Reviewer: Isn't this only the case if all test cases are hidden?

Author: True, I rephrased this section: 

```
- Depending on your exam's configuration, your instructors limit the real-time feedback in programming exercises during the online exam.
- In that case, you will only see if your code compiles or not:

    1. **0%, Build failed** means that your code does **not** compile!
    2. **0%, 0 of 0 passed** means that your code compiles but provides no further information about your final score. 
```

- **Stable internet connection**

    **Recommendation:** Use a LAN connection if possible.

- **Browser**
    
    **Recommendation:** Chromium (based), e.g. Google Chrome, newest version.

- The following prerequisites are only required if your exam contains programming exercises: 

    - **Java IDE with JDK 15**
        
        **Recommendation:** Eclipse IDE 2020‑09.
    
    - **Git Client**
        
        **Recommendation:** SourceTree

Offline Mode
^^^^^^^^^^^^
- The exam mode in Artemis tolerates issues with the Internet connection.
- In case you are not connected, you can continue working on text-, quiz- and modeling exercises, but you might get warnings that your solutions cannot be saved.
- If your Internet connection recovers, Artemis will save your solution.
- Artemis tries to save your solution every 30 seconds, when you navigate between exercises and when you click |save| or |save_continue|.
- Programming exercises have 2 modes.

    1. **Online code editor:** can only be used when you are online. 

        .. note::
            You have to click on Submit! Otherwise your solution will *not* be pushed to the VC server and no build will be triggered.

>     2. **Local IDE:** you only need to be online when you clone the repository and when you push your commits (i.e. submit your solution)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    2. **Local IDE:** you only need to be online when you clone the repository and when you push your commits (i.e. submit your solution).
```

> - At the end of the online exercise, you must be online within a given ``grace period`` and submit your exam, otherwise it will not be graded

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- At the end of the online exercise, you must be online within a given ``grace period`` and submit your exam, otherwise it will not be graded.
```
